Add archive notes to the repo (#288)
kyma-project/examples: prometheus/README-old.md

# Monitoring in Kyma using a custom kube-prometheus-stack

> [!WARNING]

> > This guide got reworked and has been moved. Find the updated instructions in [Integrate With Prometheus](https://kyma-project.io/#/telemetry-manager/user/integration/prometheus/README).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This guide has been revised and moved. Find the updated instructions in [Integrate With Prometheus](https://kyma-project.io/#/telemetry-manager/user/integration/prometheus/README).
```
